Enhancement/testing guidelines (#104)
pyfar/pyfar: CONTRIBUTING.rst

   https://travis-ci.com/pyfar/pyfar/pull_requests
   and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

Testing Guidelines
-----------------------
Test-Driven-Development (TDD) is the fundamental technique followed in developing the pyfar software packages to ensure a good software development practice. In principle, it is based on `three steps <https://martinfowler.com/bliki/TestDrivenDevelopment.html>`_

- Write a test for the next bit of functionality you want to add.
- Write the functional code until the test passes.

> - Refactor both new and old code to make it well structured.

Reviewer: For the sake of keeping this short, we could also simply write:

Pyfar uses test-driven development `three steps <https://martinfowler.com/bliki/TestDrivenDevelopment.html>` and continuous integration `some link` to test and monitor the code. In the following...

In the following, you'll find a more specific guideline. Note: these instructions are not generally applicable outside of pyfar.

- The main tool used for testing is `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/index.html>`_.
- All tests are located in the *tests/* folder.

> - Avoid dependencies on other pyfar functionalities. This allows easier debugging in case of failing tests due to errorneous implementations. The recommended workflow is given in the following sections.

Reviewer: Trying to make the first point clearer and add two more points to the list

```suggestion
- Avoid dependencies on other pyfar functionalities. Otherwise, your test might fail in the future due to bugs in other parts of pyfar.
- Use fixtures in your tests whenever possible to avoid duplicate code (see below).
- Make sure that all important parts of pyfar are covered by the tests. This can be checked using *coverage* (see below).

The recommended workflow is given in the following sections.
```

Sometimes, the dependency on another pyfar functionality is desired, so a stub makes no sense. Nevertheless, consider using a fixture, as for example done with the ``sine_signal`` fixture in *conftest.py*.

**Mocks**

Mocks are similar to stubs but used for **behavioral verification**. For example, a mock can replace a function or an object to check if it is called with correct parameters. A main motivation for using mocks is to avoid complex or time-consuming external dependencies, for example database queries.

- A typical use case of mocks in the pyfar context is hardware communication, for example reading and writing of large files or audio in- and output. These use cases are rare compared to tests performing state verification with stubs.
- In contrast to some other guidelines on mocks, external depencies do *not* need to be mocked in general. Failing tests due to changes in external packages are meaningful hints to modify the code.
- Examples of internal mocking can be found in *test_io.py*, indicated by the pytest ``@patch`` calls.

Pytest Tips
~~~~~~~~~~~
Pytest provides several, sophisticated functionalities which could reduce the effort of implementing tests.

> - Similar tests executing the same code with different variables can be `parametrized <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/example/parametrize.html>`_. An example is ``test___eq___differInPoints`` in *test_coordinates.py*.

Reviewer: I would suggest to briefly mention coverage with an example, e.g.

`pytest --cov=. --cov-report=html`
